# Random Password Generator:
#### Description:
This program generates random passwords with the user’s specific requirements. This program is based on a proper UI (using TKinter), where there are certain components, comprising this project.
Firstly, various checkboxes consist of certain commands. Checkbox 1 enables the program to generate the password based on all capital letters. Checkbox 2 allows the program to add small letters to the password generated. Similarly, checkbox 3 is for numeric values, and checkbox 4 is for punctuations and special characters. Users can choose among these 4 choices or select all of them.
Then, there is an output text field, that displays the password generated by the user, using the “Generate Password” button. The button uses the written code logic and generates the password randomly according to the user requirements and specifications of the program.
We also have a copy button created in Python (It is not like the buttons that are created using JS but still works fine). What it does is it copies the random password generated to the clipboard.
Lastly, we have a text field at the top right corner of the password text field, which tells the strength of the password. If we have checked all the checkboxes then it will show that the password strength is strong, otherwise it is weak.
Some labels have text written on them, but they are not part of the main functionality.

#### Installations and Libraries:
Well for this project, there are some libraries that I included in the project.
•	Random (for random selection generation)
•	Pyperclip (for copy to clipboard)
•	Tkinter (for designing the main interface)
From these modules, you are only required to download the “Tkinter” module by running the “pip install Tkinter” in the terminal of your codespace. If any other module is not defined in the codespace, then the same method can be used to install those modules.


#### Usage:
The program can be used by simply clicking the run button or by the command (python “filename”.py) in the terminal.
After the program is executed, there is a main interface of the program, where the user can generate passwords based on the available 4 criteria. After the password is generated, the user can copy the password from the copy button or generate a new password for use. Users can also see the strength of the password generated on the top right corner of the output text field.

#### Features:
•	This program can generate passwords of length up to 8 characters.
•	User can specify the type of characters to be used in the generated password based on his/her requirements. (uppercase, lowercase, numbers, symbols)
•	It also helps the user to check if their passwords are strong or not.
•	It has a “Copy” button which helps copy the clipboard passwords.


#### Testing:
Three test cases are designed for the methods defined in the main method of the program.
•	The first test case checks the length of the password generated. If the password length exceeds 1, it will return “True” or “False”.
•	Second Test case checks if the “Copy to clipboard” method is working properly or not.
•	Lastly, the final test case checks if the “Strength” method is properly working. It returns a String whenever its test case is executed.
All the test cases are designed using assertion and tested with pytest that were covered in CS50p lectures.

#### Author(s):
I am the only person who designed and wrote this project.



#### References:
•	Real Python
•	Stack Overflow
•	Geeksforgeeks
•	Some Python documentation for libraries like Tkinter, pyperclip, and String.
https://tk-tutorial.readthedocs.io/en/latest/check/check.html
	https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/pyperclip-module-in-python/

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
